 Gentlemen, you can t fight in here! This is the War Room.


I do not want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Is there someone else up there we could talk to?
No, now go away, or I shall taunt you a second time.


Fat, drunk, and stupid is no way to go through life, son.

I know we have only known each other for four weeks and three days, but to me, it seems like nine weeks and five days. 
The first day seemed like a week and the second day seemed like five days. And the third day seemed like a week again
 and the fourth day seemed like eight days. But the fifth day, you went to see your mother and that seemed just like a day, 
but then you came back and later on the sixth day, in the evening, when we saw each other, that started seeming like two days, 
so in the evening it seemed like two days spilling over into the next day and that started seeming like four days
, so at the end of the sixth day on into the seventh day, it seemed like a total of five days. 
And the sixth day seemed like a week and a half. I have it written down
, but I I can show it to you tomorrow if you want to see it. Anyway, I ve decided that tomorrow when the time is right, I m gonna ask you to marry me. 
If that s okay with you, just do not say anything. You ve made me very happy.

Hey, psycho   we re not gonna discuss this, OK, it s over. Please get out of my Van Halen T shirt before you jinx the band and they break up.

Thank you very little.

The royal penis is clean, your Highness!

We Romans are rich. We have got a lot of gods. We have got a god for everything. The only thing we do not have a god for is premature ejaculation, 
but I hear that that is coming quickly. 


Gentlemen, I would like you to meet your captain, Captain Oveur.
Gentlemen, welcome aboard.
Captain, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn.
Unger.
Oveur.
Oveur.
Dunn. Gentlemen, let s get to work.
Unger, did not you serve under Oveur in the Air Force?
Not directly. Technically, Dunn was under Oveur and I was under Dunn.
Yep.
So, Dunn, you were under Oveur and over Unger.
Yep.
That is right. Dunn was over Unger and I was over Dunn.
So, you see, both Dunn and I were under Oveur, even though I was under Dunn.
Dunn was over Unger, and I was over Dunn.


Wease. We got seventy dollars, and we got a pair of girls underpants. We are safe as kittens, okay? This is a great social opportunity for us. Come on.


Pardon my French, but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you would have a diamond.

I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass... and I am all out of bubblegum.

The last time I was inside a woman was when I visited the Statue of Liberty.

I will have what she is leaving.

Roses are red, violets are blue. I am a schizophrenic and so am I.

If I am not back in five minutes, just wait longer.

Yeah I called her up, she gave me a bunch of crap about me not listening to her enough, or something. I do not know, I was not really paying attention.

Hey look everybody! Billy peed his pants.
Of course I peed my pants, everybody my age pees their pants. It is the coolest.
Really?
YES! You are not cool, unless you pee your pants.
Wow! Hey, man. Ernie peed his pants too. Alright!
If peeing in your pants is cool, consider me Miles Davis.

God gave men brains larger than dogs so they would not hump womens legs at cocktail parties.


Fat guy in a little coat. Fat guy in a little coat.


I love the old Rose. The one with no make up and baggy clothes who loves the perfect bite. l love her. lt is real. lt is not based on passion, although l feel that, or, or lust, although l feel that. Or even physical attraction because she was not uh, uh although l I thought she was quite beautiful. Her eyes, her mouth. The way she held herself, the way she made fun of herself. She eats carrots now. ls not that tragic? What am l gonna do?
Do you know that in the last two years, l have been with eleven different women. Most of them half my age. Not one with a sense of humor l understood. Now, I do not date these girls because they are well read. I gave one a copy of A Farewell to Arms. 
She thought it was a diet book.

I was married. My husband cheated on me left and right. He made me feel like I was crazy all the time. One day he tells me it is my fault he saw other women. So I picked up a knife, and told him it was his fault I was stabbing him. Yeah, I did a little jail time, but it was worth it.


Nobody calls me Lebowski. You got the wrong guy. I am the Dude, man.

I just sharted...I tried to fart and a little shit came out. I just sharted.


  Do you know who I am?...I do not know how to put this, but, I m kind of a big deal...People know me.  


    I m kinda psychic. I have a fifth sense.  
    What do you mean?  
    Like I have ESPN or something. My breasts can always tell when it s gonna rain.  
    Really? That s amazing.  
    Well, they can tell when it s raining.  


  I see you are drinking 1%. Is that cause you think you are fat? Cause you are not. You could be drinking whole if you wanted to.  


  Ooh! Look at these two hot chickens. Finkel wants some dinkle. Give it to me. Huh. Come on, Do it. Lay it on, right here. Do it. Do it.  
    Maybe he means a kiss. We re doin  little voices   undercover.  
    Come on, sweetie. Do it.  
    Okay, Okay.  
    Oh, that s a sweet little pucker.  



  Janice, I apologize to you if I do not seem real eager to jump into a forced awkward intimate situation that people like to call dating. I do not like the feeling. You are sitting there, you are wondering: do I have food on my face, am I eating, am I talking too much, are they talking enough, am I interested, I am not really interested, should I play like I am interested but I am not that interested but I think she might be interested but do I want to be interested but now she is not interested? So all of the sudden I am getting, I am starting to get interested…And when am I supposed to kiss her? Do I have to wait for the door cause then It is awkward, It is like well goodnight. Do you do like that ass out hug? Where you like, you hug each other like this and your ass sticks out cause you are tryin  not to get too close or do you just go right in and kiss them on the lips or do not kiss them at all? It is very difficult trying to read the situation. And all the while you are just really wondering are we
 gonna get hopped up enough to make some bad decisions? Perhaps play a little game called just the tip. Just for a second, just to see how it feels. Or, ouch, ouch, you are on my hair.  



  Ah, do not take it so hard. Even Oedipus did not see his mother coming.  


I am glad he is single, because I am gonna climb that like a tree.

...First, take a big step back - and literally fuck your own face!

Everybody knows you never go full retard.
What do you mean?
Check it out. Dustin Hoffman, Rain Man, look retarded, act retarded, not retarded. Counted toothpicks, cheated cards. Autistic, sure. Not retarded. You know, Tom Hanks, Forrest Gump. Slow, yes. Retarded, maybe. Braces on his legs. But he charmed the pants off Nixon and won a ping pong competition. That are not retarded. And he was a god damn war hero! You know any retarded war heroes? You went full retard, man. Never go full retard. You do not buy that? Ask Sean Penn, 2001,I Am Sam, Remember? Went full retard. Went home empty handed.

The eyes are the nipples of the face.

All right. What can I get you guys?
Instead of the mahi mahi, may I just get the one mahi because I am not that hungry?
I will ask.


Glenn Coco? FOUR for you, Glenn Coco! You go, Glenn Coco.

This is your doctor. I have your pregnancy report here, and guess what? You got knocked up.

I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy. Come on, Squishy Come on, little Squishy.

You old, she pregnant. Can not have a bunch of old pregnant bitches running around. That is crazy, I am only allowed to let in five percent 
black people.
He said that, that means if there is 25 people here I get to let in one and a quarter black people.
So I gotta hope there is a black midget in the crowd.

You shut your mouth when you are talking to me!

People perceive you as somewhat…
Tempestuous?
Heinous bitch is the term used most often.

Hey Andy, do not let him bother you. It is okay not to have sex. Not everybody is a pussy magnet. You, uh, what are you, 25?
 I am 40.
Holy shit, man, you got to get on that!

Roses are red, violets are blue…Fuck you, whore!

It is mental masturbation!
And you would know all about that, would not you?
Hey, do not knock masturbation! It is sex with someone I love.


My father was a relentlessly self improving boulangerie owner from Belgium with low grade narcolepsy and
 a penchant for buggery. My mother was a fifteen year old French prostitute named Chloe with webbed feet. 
My father would womanize, he would drink. He would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark. 
Sometimes he would accuse chestnuts of being lazy. The sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the 
insane lament. My childhood was typical. Summers in Rangoon, luge lessons. In the spring we would make meat helmets. 
When I was insolent I was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds. Pretty standard really. At the age of twelve, I
 received my first scribe. At the age of fourteen, a Zoroastrian named Vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles.
 There really is nothing like a shorn scrotum, it is breathtaking, I suggest you try it.
 
 
 I used to be able to name every nut that there was.
 And it used to drive my mother crazy, because she used to say, 
 Harlan Pepper, if you do not stop naming nuts… And the joke was that we lived in Pine Nut, and I think that is what put it in my mind at that point. 
 So she would hear me in the other room, and she would just start yelling. I would say, Peanut. Hazelnut. Cashew nut. Macadamia nut.
 That was the one that would send her into going crazy. She would say, Would you stop naming nuts! And Hubert used to be able to make the sound, 
 he could not talk, but he would go rrrawr rrawr and that sounded like macadamia nut.
 Pine nut, which is a nut, but it is also the name of a town. Pistachio nut. Red pistachio nut. 
 Natural, all natural white pistachio nut.
 
 
 Is it impossible to find a lovely, slender, female paratrooper? Am I reaching for the stars here? Not really.
 
Your parents are probably wondering where you are.
Nah… I mean, I’m already pregnant, so what other kind of shenanigans could I get into?


What do you want me to do, sir?
I want you to round up every vicious criminal and gunslinger in the west. Take this down.
I want rustlers, cut throats, murderers, bounty hunters, desperadoes, mugs, pugs, thugs, nitwits, halfwits, dimwits, vipers, snipers, con men, Indian agents, Mexican bandits, muggers, buggerers, bushwhackers, hornswogglers, horse thieves, bull dykes, train robbers, bank robbers, ass-kickers, shit-kickers and Methodists!
Could you repeat that, sir?


How you doing?
Hate to break it to you friend, but uh…you are balloon is getting ready to pop. And that balloon is full of your own butt toots.
Are you trying to trash talk me? You are mamas like a vacuum cleaner. She sucks, she blows and gets laid in a closet.
That is what nuts feel like.
Stop it!

You are living the dream, Mitch. Having children, it is…it is like, it is living with little mini-heroin addicts. You know, they are laughing one minute 
and then they are crying the next. And then they trying to kill themselves in the bathroom for no good reason. They are very mean and selfish and 
burn through your money. And they break shit…
Got it! Got it! Got it! Come on!
Oh, it’s quite simple. If you are a friend, you speak the password, and the doors will open

Cher, you are a virgin?!
You say that like it is a bad thing.
Besides, the PC term is Hymenally challenged.

You look like an avocado had sex with an older, more disgusting avocado.
Yeah.
Not gently. Like it was hate-fucking. There was something wrong with the relationship and that was the only catharsis that they could find without violence.
And the only guy who can fix this fugly mug is the British shitstick who ran the mutant factory. And he is gone. Poof!
Yeah, well you gotta do something to remedy this because as of now, you only have one course of action.
Damn straight. Find Francis.
Star in horror films.
What?
Star in your own horror films. Because you look like Freddy Krueger face fucked a topographical map of Utah.
We swears, to serve the master of the Precious. We will swear on… on the Precious!
 Motherfucker Jones.
Your first name is Motherfucker?!
Last name Jones. You got a problem with that?
No! No! Cool name. Yeah. Is that like on your birth certificate?
 My real name is Dean.
Dean Jones. That is the same name of the actor in Herbie The Love Bug.
Yeah, he is not gonna know who that is.
I know who he is, bitch!
Sorry.
I can not walk around this fucking neighborhood with that Disney assed name!
There is only one Lord of the Ring, only one who can bend it to his will. And he does not share power
You cannot pass! I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the Flame of Anor. The dark fire will not avail you, Flame of Udun! Go back to the shadow. You shall not pass!
